sql: align multiple PRs from docs-cn (#6930)
pingcap/docs: sql-plan-management.md

```sql
select * from t where a >    1
-- After normalization, the above statement is as follows:
select * from test . t where a > ?
```

> **Note:**
>
> Multiple constants joined by commas `,` are normalized as `...` instead of `?`.
>
> For example:
>
> ```sql
> select * from t limit 10
> select * from t limit 10, 20
> select * from t where a in (1)
> select * from t where a in (1,2,3)
> -- After normalization, the above statements are as follows:
> select * from test . t limit ?
> select * from test . t limit ...
> select * from test . t where a in ( ? )
> select * from test . t where a in ( ... )
> ```
>

> > When bindings are creating, TiDB treats SQL statements that contains a single constant and SQL statements that contains multiple constants joined by commas differently. Therefore, you need to create bindings for the two SQL types separately.

Author: ```suggestion
> When bindings are created, TiDB treats SQL statements that contain a single constant and SQL statements that contain multiple constants joined by commas differently. Therefore, you need to create bindings for the two SQL types separately.
```
